Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial in the previous video we defined our model and now
it's time to train it and evaluate it to see how well it performs on the test set.
Let's start by training it model that fit in this function requires a few arguments.
The first argument is for features in our case x train then for our targets why train the further argument
here is batch size but we don't have to provide it.
We can leave it at none.
And finally said epochs to five execute a cell.
It will take around 30 seconds to complete all five e-books okay.
Our training process is done.
It was very fast about 30 seconds as we estimated not only dead but we achieved around 88 percent accuracy
on our training set.
Now it's time to see how well it performs on unseen data or our data set right.
That's loss come our test accuracy equals to model dot evaluate and provide x test and Y test to it.
Below is a simple print statement that I've written beforehand.
The only thing left to do here is to provide test accuracy inside the brackets execute the cell and
we have eighty seven point two percent accuracy on the test set which is incredible.
We didn't order a fit or under feet at all let's say that we are pretty happy with this model and we
don't want to improve it even further.
Now that we have trained our model that is generalized enough we can put it on some device and headed
to our customer and that's exactly what we are going to do in the next video.
We are we are going to convert it into tens of Flo light version if you have any questions or comments
please pause that in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll see seen the next tutorial.